Publish images for each open pull request (#659)
metallb/metallb: website/content/community/_index.md

your fork as a remote in `$GOPATH/src/go.universe.tf/metallb`, with
`git remote add fork git@github.com:<your-github-user>/metallb.git`.

## Testing a Pull Request

> MetalLB uses CI to publish images of the latest version of code from each open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MetalLB has a CI process which publishes Docker images from the latest code revision of each open
```

I find this phrasing better.

Author: ok, done.

> pull request.  If you would like to test out a prebuilt image of a PR, make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pull request. If you would like to test out a prebuilt image of a PR, make
```

sure the `deploy-speaker` or `deploy-controller` jobs have succeeded on the PR,
and then you may pull `metallbdev/speaker:pr-<ID>` or
`metallbdev/controller:pr-<ID>`.

> If a new revision of a pull request is posted, the image will be rebuilt.  If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a new revision of a pull request is posted, the image will be rebuilt. If
```

Looks like your editor consistently inserts double spaces after a period :thinking: Could you please fix all occurrences?

Author: My thumb does it.  ;-)

I'll change them.
